c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\LootBot.exe.config
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\obj\Debug\LootBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\LootBot.exe
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\LootBot.pdb
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\SuperSocket.ClientEngine.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\obj\Debug\LootBot.exe
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\obj\Debug\LootBot.pdb
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme1.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme2.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme3.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme4.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme5.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme6.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme7.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme8.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme9.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme10.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme11.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme12.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme13.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme14.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme15.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme16.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme17.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme18.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme19.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme20.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme21.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme22.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme23.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme24.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme25.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme26.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme27.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme28.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme29.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme30.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme31.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme32.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme33.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme34.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme35.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme36.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme37.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme38.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme39.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme40.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme41.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme42.png
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme43.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme44.jpg
c:\users\llama\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LootBot\LootBot\bin\Debug\Pictures\meme45.jpg
